add documentation for copy-settings cmdlet (#2177)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/international/Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem.md

---
ms.mktglfcycl: manage
ms.sitesec: library
ms.author: ertorres

> author: Erik Torres

Reviewer: This should be a github username.

Reviewer 2: @erik0686 The PR is good to go after applying the above suggestion. Thank you for your contributions.

description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.InternationalSettings.Commands.dll-Help.xml
keywords: powershell, cmdlet
manager: aandrejs
ms.date: 10/23/2020
ms.prod: w10
ms.technology: powershell-windows
ms.topic: reference
online version: 

> schema: 2.0.0

Reviewer 3: Hm, this makes me think we might need to bump the version number.

title: Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem
ms.reviewer:
ms.assetid: 
---

# Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem

## SYNOPSIS

> Copy the current user's international settings (Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Location/GeoID) to one or both of the following:

Reviewer 3: I think we should likely add a note that the user must be an admin in order for the operation to succeed. 
For example, on the `Set-WinSystemLocale` cmdlet [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/international/set-winsystemlocale?view=win10-ps), they use this expression:
> This is a system setting. It can only be changed by a user who has Administrator permissions. Changes take effect after the computer is restarted.

I think it might make sense to use the same wording. :)

Author: That's a very good point :D Thanks Jeff :)

> Copy the current user's international settings (Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Location/GeoID) to one or both of the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Copies the current user's international settings (Windows Display language, Input language, Regional Format/locale and Location/GeoID) to one or both of the following:
```

    * Welcome screen and system accounts
    * New user accounts

## SYNTAX

```

> Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem [-WelcomeScreen]<Boolean> [-NewUser]<Boolean> [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem [-WelcomeScreen <Boolean>] [-NewUser <Boolean>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem** cmdlet gets the **international settings** from the current user.
You can decide whether to copy this settings into the **Welcome screen and system accounts**, the **New user accounts** or both.

This cmdlet needs two parameters: **-WelcomeScreen** and **-NewUser**.

> When any of the parameters is set to $True, this gets the current values from the registry for the current user and copies them into the selected places whose parameter was set to $True.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When any of the parameters is set to $True, this gets the current values from the current user and copies them to the system settings for the selected options based on the parameters that were set to $True.
```

Reviewer 3: lets not mention the registry, as the cmdlet doesn't actually read from the registry.
(it uses your new API).

## EXAMPLES

> ### Example 1: Copy the settings into both Welcome screen and new user accounts

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Copy settings into both the Welcome screen and new user accounts
```

```
PS C:\> Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem -WelcomeScreen $True -NewUser $True
```

> This command copies the Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Location/GeoID into both the Welcome screen and the new user accounts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This example copies the Windows Display language, Input language, Regional Format/locale and Location/GeoID into both the Welcome screen and the new user accounts.
```

### Example 2: Copy the settings into only the Welcome screen
```
PS C:\> Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem -WelcomeScreen $True -NewUser $False
```

> This command copies the Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Location/GeoID only into the Welcome screen.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This example copies the Windows Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Regional Location/GeoID to the Welcome screen only.
```

---
ms.mktglfcycl: manage
ms.sitesec: library
ms.author: ertorres
author: Erik Torres
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: Microsoft.InternationalSettings.Commands.dll-Help.xml
keywords: powershell, cmdlet
manager: aandrejs
ms.date: 10/23/2020
ms.prod: w10
ms.technology: powershell-windows
ms.topic: reference
online version: 
schema: 2.1.0
title: Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem
ms.reviewer:
ms.assetid: 
---

# Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem

## SYNOPSIS
Copies the current user's international settings (Windows Display language, Input language, Regional Format/locale and Location/GeoID) to one or both of the following:
    * Welcome screen and system accounts
    * New user accounts

This is a system setting. It can only be changed by a user who has Administrator permissions. Changes take effect after the computer is restarted.

## SYNTAX

```
Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem [-WelcomeScreen]<Boolean> [-NewUser]<Boolean> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem** cmdlet gets the **international settings** from the current user.
> You can decide whether to copy this settings into the **Welcome screen and system accounts**, the **New user accounts** or both.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The **Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem** cmdlet gets the **international settings** from the current user.
You can decide whether to copy these settings into the **Welcome screen and system accounts**, the **New user accounts** or both.
```

> You can decide whether to copy these settings into the **Welcome screen and system accounts**, the **New user accounts** or both.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can decide whether to copy these settings into the **Welcome screen and system accounts**, the **New user accounts**, or both.
```

This cmdlet needs two parameters: **-WelcomeScreen** and **-NewUser**.

When any of the parameters is set to $True, this gets the current values from the current user and copies them to the system settings for the selected options based on the parameters that were set to $True.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Copy settings into both the Welcome screen and new user accounts
```
PS C:\> Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem -WelcomeScreen $True -NewUser $True
```

This example copies the Windows Display language, Input language, Regional Format/locale and Location/GeoID into both the Welcome screen and the new user accounts.

### Example 2: Copy the settings into only the Welcome screen
```
PS C:\> Copy-UserInternationalSettingsToSystem -WelcomeScreen $True -NewUser $False
```

This example copies the Windows Display language, Input language, Format/locale and Regional Location/GeoID to the Welcome screen only.

## PARAMETERS

### -WelcomeScreen

> Copies the settings into the Welcome Screen and System accounts

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Copies the settings into the Welcome Screen and System accounts.
```

> Copies the settings into the Welcome Screen and System accounts.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Copies the settings into the Welcome Screen and system accounts.
```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NewUser

> Copies the settings into the New user accounts

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Copies the settings into the new user accounts.
```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
